db5.md, before:

# The Sushirrito

![](./db5.jpg)

## Origins

Neoculturation is a fantastic way to transform well-known, favorite dishes into a blend of flavors and popularity. 
In this case of the *Sushirrito* (a delicious combination of my two favorite dishes - Sushi and Burrito), its origin actually occurred here in the United States. 
The original Sushirrito began in San Francisco, California, where a restaurant of the same name, *Sushirrito*, developed the dish as "modern Japanese with a Latin twist" (Sushirrito, 2022). 
Since its inception, there have been many modifications to its ingredients that have included items such as tuna, pickled ginger, and wasabi (Silcock, 2017). 
Even food truck businesses such as Jogasaki Sushi Burrito have been acclaimed by high ranking companies such as Roaming Hunger for their own twist on the popular dish (Jogasaki Sushi Burrito, 2023). 
The neoculturation has even transferred from the food industry to *Do It Yourself (DIY)* recipes that everyone can try at home. 
McCleary is a developer and traveller that has taken her own DIY twist on the Sushirrito for at home individuals to create the dish at an affordable value (McCleary, 2022).

## Contributors & Parent Dishes

The Sushirrito has two country origins - one involves my own culture from Mexico which contributes to the "Burrito" portion of this dish, and the other involves Japan with the creation of "Sushi" (these items are shown on the left of my image above) (Sushirrito, 2022). 
Mexico has created several variations on the Burrito that involves different meats, toppings, sauces, or tortillas, but the core essence of the dish remains the same - a tortilla base (large enough to contain the contents) and a mixture of ingredients tightly compressed into a delicious roll. 


## References

Gabriele, Amanda. "The Origins of the Sushi Burrito: Q&A with the Inventor". *The Manual*, April 1, 2019. [https://www.themanual.com/food-and-drink/sushi-burrito-sushiritto/?amp](https://www.themanual.com/food-and-drink/sushi-burrito-sushiritto/?amp).

Hashmi, Shahrukh K. “A Novel Combination for Graft-versus-Host-Disease Prophylaxis: Lessons Learned from the Birth of Sushi Burrito!” Acta Haematologica 144, no. 2 (March 2021): 126–29. doi:10.1159/000508742.

Jogasaki Sushi Burrito. "Jogasaki Sushi Burrito". *Roaming Hunger*, 2023. [https://roaminghunger.com/jogasaki-sushi-burrito/](https://roaminghunger.com/jogasaki-sushi-burrito/).

McCleary, Sara. "Sushi Burrito (Sushirrito)". *Belly Rumbles*, April 20, 2022. [https://bellyrumbles.com/sushi-burrito/](https://bellyrumbles.com/sushi-burrito/).

Silcock, Elena. "Sushi burrito". *Good Food Magazine*, Februrary, 2017. [https://www.bbcgoodfood.com/recipes/sushi-burrito](https://www.bbcgoodfood.com/recipes/sushi-burrito).

Sushirrito. "Welcome to Sushirrito: Creators of the world's first sushi burrito brand". *BentoBox*, 2023. [https://www.sushirrito.com/](https://www.sushirrito.com/).

Commit message:

final header for adaptations and original foods paragraph complete

db5.md, after:

# The Sushirrito

![](./db5.jpg)

## Origins

Neoculturation is a fantastic way to transform well-known, favorite dishes into a blend of flavors and popularity. 
In this case of the *Sushirrito* (a delicious combination of my two favorite dishes - Sushi and Burrito), its origin actually occurred here in the United States. 
The original Sushirrito began in San Francisco, California, where a restaurant of the same name, *Sushirrito*, developed the dish as "modern Japanese with a Latin twist" (Sushirrito, 2022). 
Since its inception, there have been many modifications to its ingredients that have included items such as tuna, pickled ginger, and wasabi (Silcock, 2017). 
Even food truck businesses such as Jogasaki Sushi Burrito have been acclaimed by high ranking companies such as Roaming Hunger for their own twist on the popular dish (Jogasaki Sushi Burrito, 2023). 
The neoculturation has even transferred from the food industry to *Do It Yourself (DIY)* recipes that everyone can try at home. 
McCleary is a developer and traveller that has taken her own DIY twist on the Sushirrito for at home individuals to create the dish at an affordable value (McCleary, 2022).

## Contributors & Parent Dishes

The Sushirrito has two country origins - one involves my own culture from Mexico which contributes to the "Burrito" portion of this dish, and the other involves Japan with the creation of "Sushi" (these items are shown on the left of my image above) (Sushirrito, 2022). 
Mexico has created several variations on the Burrito that involves different meats, toppings, sauces, or tortillas, but the core essence of the dish remains the same - a tortilla base (large enough to contain the contents) and a mixture of ingredients tightly compressed into a delicious roll. 
On the otherhand, Japan's Sushi dish is a lighter version that includes more of a fish variety than red meats. 
In comparison to the Burrito, Sushi is also compressed into a roll, however, it is normally sliced into pieces for the customer to enjoy and the ingredients are rolled in seaweed (now that is a delicious alternative!).

## Adaptations to the RRito



## References

Gabriele, Amanda. "The Origins of the Sushi Burrito: Q&A with the Inventor". *The Manual*, April 1, 2019. [https://www.themanual.com/food-and-drink/sushi-burrito-sushiritto/?amp](https://www.themanual.com/food-and-drink/sushi-burrito-sushiritto/?amp).

Hashmi, Shahrukh K. “A Novel Combination for Graft-versus-Host-Disease Prophylaxis: Lessons Learned from the Birth of Sushi Burrito!” Acta Haematologica 144, no. 2 (March 2021): 126–29. doi:10.1159/000508742.

Jogasaki Sushi Burrito. "Jogasaki Sushi Burrito". *Roaming Hunger*, 2023. [https://roaminghunger.com/jogasaki-sushi-burrito/](https://roaminghunger.com/jogasaki-sushi-burrito/).

McCleary, Sara. "Sushi Burrito (Sushirrito)". *Belly Rumbles*, April 20, 2022. [https://bellyrumbles.com/sushi-burrito/](https://bellyrumbles.com/sushi-burrito/).

Silcock, Elena. "Sushi burrito". *Good Food Magazine*, Februrary, 2017. [https://www.bbcgoodfood.com/recipes/sushi-burrito](https://www.bbcgoodfood.com/recipes/sushi-burrito).

Sushirrito. "Welcome to Sushirrito: Creators of the world's first sushi burrito brand". *BentoBox*, 2023. [https://www.sushirrito.com/](https://www.sushirrito.com/).
