db6/db6.md, before:

# Rice and Food Sustainability

## A Farmer's Challenge

Farmers face an abundant amuont of daily challenges when working in an agricultural environment. 
Even locally in California, situtations caused by greenhouse gas emissions have produced food security challenges that need to be overcome by farmers (Brodt et. al, 2014). 
Such climate changes are elements that farmers are currently unable to directly control, but there are scientific methods (using modern technology) that have been published to propose solutions for such changes.

## Possible Solutions

For any type of problem, there is a solution. As such, the following solutions were proposed in response to agricultural climate warnings:

### Change Planting Methods

A solution provided by Li et. al approaches the planting method directly. 
Their method created a methodological framework based on temperature-based rice growth season determination and GIS spatial analysis to quantify the effect of climate warming and improvements in planting methods (transplanting to direct seeding) (Li et. al, 2023). 
In otherwords, the alternative approach would be transplanting based on the optimal results obtained from the observation of 267 and 159 km southward movement causing a 13.3% decrease in the study area! (Li et. al 2023).

### Climate Smart Rice

With technological advancements involving artificial intelligence and machine learning, why not apply the concepts to the agricultural industry? 
That is precisely what Biswal et. al proposes with the biological mediated genome engineering to develop *climate smart rice*.
This dynamic concept of rice that can adapt to its climate changes is under development by analyzing the desirable phenotypes and responsible genetic factors that can be altered to increase tolerance toward undesireable weather conditions (Biswal et. al, 2019)!

### Dynamic Double-Season Rice

This method provided by Zhang et. al uses statistical evidence based on projections of greenhouse gas emission rates to increase the plantation rate in preparation for the seasonal change. 
The data accumulated predicted rates of change in thermal changes, secure maturation, and even the potential growing season through the year 2095 (Zhang et. al, 2021).

### Enhancement of Drought Tolerance

The final method found involves biological modifications to increase the drought tolerance in rice by silencing the OsSYT-5 gene (Shanmugam et. al, 2021). 
The OsSYT-5 gene is known as the synaptotagmin-5 gene that is a sensing protein in charge of rice tolerance to water. 
By *silencing* this gene, it was noted that the rice tolerance to water significantly improved (Shanmugam et. al, 2021); this could greatly impact the longevity of rice plantation for farmers whose crops perish due to the changing weather challenges.

## Impressions

## References

Biswal, Akshaya K., Satendra K. Mangrauthia, M. Raghurami Reddy, and Poli Yugandhar. 2019. “CRISPR Mediated Genome Engineering to Develop Climate Smart Rice: Challenges and Opportunities.” Seminars in Cell & Developmental Biology 96 (December): 100–106. doi:10.1016/j.semcdb.2019.04.005.

Brodt, Sonja, Alissa Kendall, Yaser Mohammadi, Aslihan Arslan, Juhong Yuan, In-Sung Lee, and Bruce Linquist. “Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Emissions in California Rice Production.” Field Crops Research 169 (2014): 89–98.

Li, Shuo, Zhou Lu, Jie Zhao, Ming Luo, Fu Chen, and Qingquan Chu. 2023. “Changes in Planting Methods Will Change the Potential Distribution of Rice in South China under Climate Warming.” Agricultural & Forest Meteorology 331 (March): N.PAG. doi:10.1016/j.agrformet.2023.109355.

Shanmugam, Sudha, Virginia Ann Boyett, and Mariya Khodakovskaya. 2021. “Enhancement of Drought Tolerance in Rice by Silencing of the OsSYT-5 Gene.” PLoS ONE 16 (10): 1–22. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0258171.

Tu, Debao, Yang Jiang, Min Liu, Lijuan Zhang, Linlin Chen, Mingli Cai, Xiaoxia Ling, et al. 2020. “Improvement and Stabilization of Rice Production by Delaying Sowing Date in Irrigated Rice System in Central China.” Journal of the Science of Food & Agriculture 100 (2): 595–606. doi:10.1002/jsfa.10053.

Zhang, Lei, Sen Li, Fangying Tan, Anhong Guo, and Zhiguo Huo. 2021. “Potential Agro-Thermal Resources Dynamic for Double-Season Rice Cultivation across China under Greenhouse Gas Emission Scenarios.” Theoretical & Applied Climatology 144 (1/2): 67–75. doi:10.1007/s00704-021-03519-x.

Commit message:

db6 final impressions section complete

db6/db6.md, after:

# Rice and Food Sustainability

## A Farmer's Challenge

Farmers face an abundant amuont of daily challenges when working in an agricultural environment. 
Even locally in California, situtations caused by greenhouse gas emissions have produced food security challenges that need to be overcome by farmers (Brodt et. al, 2014). 
Such climate changes are elements that farmers are currently unable to directly control, but there are scientific methods (using modern technology) that have been published to propose solutions for such changes.

## Possible Solutions

For any type of problem, there is a solution. As such, the following solutions were proposed in response to agricultural climate warnings:

### Change Planting Methods

A solution provided by Li et. al approaches the planting method directly. 
Their method created a methodological framework based on temperature-based rice growth season determination and GIS spatial analysis to quantify the effect of climate warming and improvements in planting methods (transplanting to direct seeding) (Li et. al, 2023). 
In otherwords, the alternative approach would be transplanting based on the optimal results obtained from the observation of 267 and 159 km southward movement causing a 13.3% decrease in the study area! (Li et. al 2023).

### Climate Smart Rice

With technological advancements involving artificial intelligence and machine learning, why not apply the concepts to the agricultural industry? 
That is precisely what Biswal et. al proposes with the biological mediated genome engineering to develop *climate smart rice*.
This dynamic concept of rice that can adapt to its climate changes is under development by analyzing the desirable phenotypes and responsible genetic factors that can be altered to increase tolerance toward undesireable weather conditions (Biswal et. al, 2019)!

### Dynamic Double-Season Rice

This method provided by Zhang et. al uses statistical evidence based on projections of greenhouse gas emission rates to increase the plantation rate in preparation for the seasonal change. 
The data accumulated predicted rates of change in thermal changes, secure maturation, and even the potential growing season through the year 2095 (Zhang et. al, 2021).

### Enhancement of Drought Tolerance

The final method found involves biological modifications to increase the drought tolerance in rice by silencing the OsSYT-5 gene (Shanmugam et. al, 2021). 
The OsSYT-5 gene is known as the synaptotagmin-5 gene that is a sensing protein in charge of rice tolerance to water. 
By *silencing* this gene, it was noted that the rice tolerance to water significantly improved (Shanmugam et. al, 2021); this could greatly impact the longevity of rice plantation for farmers whose crops perish due to the changing weather challenges.

## Impressions

The impressions on all four methods described above revolves around the types of approaches available with modern technology. 
Situations conceived only in science fiction movies such as genetic modifications and dynamically adapting plants were quite the surprise to find that it is occurring as this analysis is being written. 
Lastly, Biswal et. al qualifies as an academic source discovered in the *Academic Search Complete* Database from the California State University, Long Beach Library list of databases. 
The information was published as a result from the seminars in cell and developmental biology works and is recognized amongst the scientific community.

## References

Biswal, Akshaya K., Satendra K. Mangrauthia, M. Raghurami Reddy, and Poli Yugandhar. 2019. “CRISPR Mediated Genome Engineering to Develop Climate Smart Rice: Challenges and Opportunities.” Seminars in Cell & Developmental Biology 96 (December): 100–106. doi:10.1016/j.semcdb.2019.04.005.

Brodt, Sonja, Alissa Kendall, Yaser Mohammadi, Aslihan Arslan, Juhong Yuan, In-Sung Lee, and Bruce Linquist. “Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Emissions in California Rice Production.” Field Crops Research 169 (2014): 89–98.

Li, Shuo, Zhou Lu, Jie Zhao, Ming Luo, Fu Chen, and Qingquan Chu. 2023. “Changes in Planting Methods Will Change the Potential Distribution of Rice in South China under Climate Warming.” Agricultural & Forest Meteorology 331 (March): N.PAG. doi:10.1016/j.agrformet.2023.109355.

Shanmugam, Sudha, Virginia Ann Boyett, and Mariya Khodakovskaya. 2021. “Enhancement of Drought Tolerance in Rice by Silencing of the OsSYT-5 Gene.” PLoS ONE 16 (10): 1–22. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0258171.

Tu, Debao, Yang Jiang, Min Liu, Lijuan Zhang, Linlin Chen, Mingli Cai, Xiaoxia Ling, et al. 2020. “Improvement and Stabilization of Rice Production by Delaying Sowing Date in Irrigated Rice System in Central China.” Journal of the Science of Food & Agriculture 100 (2): 595–606. doi:10.1002/jsfa.10053.

Zhang, Lei, Sen Li, Fangying Tan, Anhong Guo, and Zhiguo Huo. 2021. “Potential Agro-Thermal Resources Dynamic for Double-Season Rice Cultivation across China under Greenhouse Gas Emission Scenarios.” Theoretical & Applied Climatology 144 (1/2): 67–75. doi:10.1007/s00704-021-03519-x.
